end session moves to the sidebar row menu; comet linecap ships; header matches sidebar glass

Owner 10-02, three changes that were all blocked behind one broken deploy.

1) End session: chat header -> the three-dot menu on each chat row.
   The header's "end" button is gone. The row menu already had an "End session"
   item, but it was a stub: it fired the POST and discarded the response, with
   no confirm step, no progress, and no navigation. It now carries the header
   button's full behaviour:
     - two-step arm/confirm (first click arms, second fires), auto-disarming
       after 4s so a stray first click can't leave a confirm state armed;
     - a spinner + "Ending…" while the POST is in flight;
     - the API call moved to Shell (the only scope that owns view state) and
       passed down as onEndSession -> Sidebar -> ChatsPanel, rather than
       reaching for out-of-scope setters;
     - on success (or 409 = already running) it dispatches astra:end-session and
       returns to the welcome page WITHOUT minting a new session. ChatLanding
       listens for that event and sets endWelcomeRef so the auto-greeting stays
       suppressed - ending must not announce the session it just ended.

2) Comet linecap: the stray bright tile at the running line's tail is
   stroke-linecap:round turning every band's leading zero-length dash into a
   dot. This shipped in 0a428f6 but never reached dist/ because `npm run build`
   was failing on an unrelated TS error - which is also why the artifact kept
   coming back after being "fixed" twice. It is now actually deployed.

3) Header = sidebar glass. The header had drifted to a 92%-depth ground with a
   35px blur while the sidebar used a 45%-midnight ground at 29px. Both are now
   the same treatment, verified as identical computed styles in the live DOM.

Verified in the served bundle (not just source):
  composer-trace-step{...stroke-linecap:butt}
  mobile-accent-header / sidebar-glass both
    color-mix(in oklab, var(--color-midnight) 45%, transparent) +
    backdrop-filter: blur(29px) saturate(1.25)
Live DOM: header buttons are now Open navigation / Rename chat / Reviewing /
New chat - no End. Row menu shows End session; first click arms to "Confirm
end" without firing the API, and it self-disarms back to "End session" after
~4s.